Right now, I'm in Japan to better develop myself as a person. There are
a lot of things in Japan that I really like and that I really missed
cause I used to be here before. So I'm here now, number one, to teach
English to students. I teach them pretty simple English. It's to
middle school kids and elementary school kids, so the English that
I'm teaching is not very difficult. However I'm developing myself as
a good teacher. I'm learning some skills that you know I wouldn't
have learned otherwise just by tutoring, just by talking one-on-one
back in the States. Number two, I'm experiencing the food and the culture
and the life and the language of Japan, and I needed that because,
I guess, going to school all the time, studying computer science,
you kinda get drained. So this is kinda like my break to experience
someting new, something worldwide and Japan is really great for that.
Number three, the payment here is pretty, pretty decent. It's not,
you know, outstanding but as a student, you know, year after year
after year USC is pretty expensive, so I actually came here and I've
been saving up a little bit of money. It's going to help me, so I
don't have to worry about that so much when I go back. Number four,
I'm here because I really wanted to focus on, you know, give a lot
more effort to my startup. I'm a part of a virtual reality startup that's
trying to produce their first game. And if I'm in USC maybe I
really have to focus on my studies, so I wanted to take a break so I
can really get my hands dirty with my startup. And we're doing really
well with it. So there's many reasons why I'm in Japan, but the best
reason is probably because I love this place.